[OP#48750]Update readme according to the `project folder` setup (#437)
nextcloud/integration_openproject: README.md

- default_enable_navigation
- default_enable_unified_search
- setup_project_folder
- setup_app_password

> Note:
> - We can set up the integration with or without `project folders`
> - To set up the integration without `project folders` we need to set data `setup_project_folder=false` and `setup_app_password=false`

> > - To set up the integration with `project folders` we need to set data `setup_project_folder=true` and `setup_app_password=true`, this will create a new user, group and group folder named OpenProject will be created in case the system already doesn't have one or more of these present. Also, an application password will be provided for user `OpenProject` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - To set up the integration with `project folders` we need to set data `setup_project_folder=true` and `setup_app_password=true`, this will create a new user, group, and group folder named OpenProject in case the system already doesn't have one or more of these present. Also, an application password will be provided for the user `OpenProject` 
```

- default_enable_navigation
- default_enable_unified_search
- setup_project_folder
- setup_app_password

> Note:
> - We can set up the integration with or without `project folders`
> - To set up the integration without `project folders` we need to set data `setup_project_folder=false` and `setup_app_password=false`

> > - To set up the integration with `project folders` we need to set data `setup_project_folder=true` and `setup_app_password=true`, this will create a new user, group, and group folder named OpenProject in case the system already doesn't have one or more of these present. Also, an application password will be provided for the user `OpenProject`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> - To set up the integration with `project folders` we need to set data `setup_project_folder=true` and `setup_app_password=true`, this will create a new user, group, and group folder named OpenProject if the system doesn't already have one or more of these present. Also, an application password will be provided for the user `OpenProject`
```

> - Once the `project folder` has already been set up, the created `OpenProject` user and group cannot be disabled or removed.

> > - In case if there is any error related to `OpenProject` user, group, group folders when setting up the whole integration or if the admin user wants to remove those entities then this [troubleshooting guide](https://www.openproject.org/docs/system-admin-guide/integrations/nextcloud/) can be followed up on how to resolve it. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> - If there is any error related to `OpenProject` user, group, group folders when setting up the whole integration or if the admin user wants to remove those entities then this [troubleshooting guide](https://www.openproject.org/docs/system-admin-guide/integrations/nextcloud/) can be followed. 
```

       "openproject_revocation_status": "<openproject_revocation_status>"
   }
   ```

>    > Note: if the integration is done with `project folders` then we can update/change the old `OpenProject` user application password by setting `set_app_password=true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > Note: If the integration is done with `project folders` then we can update/change the old `OpenProject` user's application password by setting `set_app_password=true`.
```

>    > Then we get new application password as `"openproject_user_app_password: <openproject_user_app_password>"` in the above json response

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > Then we get new application password as `"openproject_user_app_password: <openproject_user_app_password>"` in the above JSON response.
```

Once all the above pre-conditions are met we can run the shell script to integrate with the following command.

> Note:
> - We can set the whole integration with or without `project folders` using this script with an environment variable `SETUP_PROJECT_FOLDER`
> - `SETUP_PROJECT_FOLDER=true` will set the integration with `project folders` and vice-versa

> Also, the following bash command has an environment variable `OPENPROJECT_STORAGE_NAME` which will be the storage name to store the oauth information in open project required for integration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Also, the following bash command has an environment variable `OPENPROJECT_STORAGE_NAME` which will be the storage name to store the oauth information in Open Project required for integration.
```

> Below is an example of command to run the script to set up the integration with `project folders`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Below is an example of a command to run the script to set up the integration with `project folders`
```
